Work Diary:

Week 1:

The team discussed and decided on the general technologies that we are going to do after going through the strengths of each team member.
and what they are comfortable with in respects to the frontend and backend. We decided a general plan on when we should complete things so that
we have time at the end of the project to improve existing functionality. We discussed the proposal and how much we should plan to write and what each team 
member can specifically focus on. We started drawing out a plan on how our backend & frontend will connect with each other and what sort of pages will we need.
We finalised technologies that we are going after long discussions. It took the team some researching and time to finalise the database component of the project,
however we reached a conclusion to trial DynamoDB as our database and see how we go with it. 


Week 2:

I started creating user stories on the backlog. I have assigned the tickets to group members and we have almost finalised what each member will be concentrating
upon in the first sprint. I started planning and drawing out the solution for this project. Specifically looking at all the AWS resources that we will be using
and how they will be connected with our flask webframe work. I also started to contribute to the project proposal, and writing out things in the proposal whenever 
I get the opportunity. I started doing some coding and creating templates for our code to understand what is required in this project coding-wise. This helps me 
plan things and understand if all the services we are using are able to connect with each other and do what we expect them to do. 

Week 3:

I started setting up the database for our project which was on AWS. I wrote methods to POST and GET information to and from our tables. I contributed to the project
proposal, writing all the AWS services that the team may use, specifiying in depth how/what/why we may use each technology that has been mentioned. As a Scrum
Master I also completed the User stories on Jira and started the sprint so that the group can now use Jira to track their work progress. I also was able to complete
the functionalities for setting up the database which required me to set up AWS DynamoDB table and use the Boto3 library to call its API. I also completed the registration part of the functionality in which once the user registers there data succesfully goes to the dynamodb table.

Week 4:

In week 4, I mainly was just focusing on the planning and finishing my own tasks. The main focus of this sprint was that in each of the user stories we have, 
we are able to finish the MVP of each user story. This will allow us ample time in sprint 2 & 3 to focus on improving it and making the functionalities more
advanced. I was able to finish all my user stories in time in their most basic sense. Now, In sprint 2 & 3 I will focus on adding more advanced functionality so that It looks and works better. With the main focus being creating a more advanced frontend so we have some sort of idea what the end product will be. 


Week 5:

This week I continued where I left off last week which was majority coding all the user stories that were assigned to me. As our progressive demo was
due during the lab, our group tried to get everything done beforehand however we still had a few user stories left to at the end our of our sprint. We also 
started the Sprint 2, in which the main objectives were to create the frontend for all the functionalities we individually implemented in Sprint 1. So I was just writing html/css/js code so that we have a nice frontend along with our backend.


Week 6:

This was the flex week, so just working on all the user stories this week. The main frontend has been built and there is a real structure to our 
assignment as the routes are now established, we now know where all the pages will connect with one another. The aim is to finish all the functionality
that are most urgent/required, and then in sprint 3 try to expand on those functionalities so they have advanced settings.


Week 7:

This week we just continued on working on the sprint. A lot of the routes are now connecting to each other and we have established a strong base to
further expand on. A lot of the functionality is now working however i still need to get started on working on the special two features of this website
that we hope to implement.

Week 8:

Continuing to work on the sprint and trying to get as many things as done as possible. This week we just continued on working on the sprint.
A lot of the routes are now connecting to each other and we have established a strong base tofurther expand on. A lot of the functionality is 
now working however i still need to get started on working on the special two features of this website that we hope to implement.


Week 9:

Continuing off from last week, still have a lot of things to do on the backend and need to massively improve the frontend. A lot of the functionality is 
now working however i still need to get started on working on one of the special features of this website that we hope to implement.
